What about Chen Sheng?
Chen Sheng did not return last night
After returning early in the morning, he went straight to the eldest son's room
But the eldest son has not returned yet
He went out again, Village Chief
The Lord will let me learn from you
This confinement is killing me
Where are we going to play?
Rouge Pavilion
Then how much silver do we have?
The cost of this qualification is not low.
How much silver can I play with?
Oh, if you stay overnight?
The average girl needs dozens of taels of silver
A better one costs hundreds of taels of silver
The Four Oroses Across the Cigarette
Any estimate
A few thousand taels of silver
So violent?
As the so-called father and son
Hook up two brothers
Vegetarian smoke and oarouri
On the day of the eagle's paw, he got a lot of silver
I think it's better for us to have a luxury, hahaha.
Oh your majesty double happiness
General Wang Zhong sent the liberation 50,000 level pressure army
Everywhere
Emperor Zhongtian Armor can't help it
The lamb is too heaven-defying every time
Never let him run away
I must make him obediently be my hero minister
Kojiro has just been released from prison
People can be in the house
Your Majesty wants to leave the palace
This palace
I'm so bored that I want to go out for a walk
And I still have some doubts in my heart
Maybe the lamb can struggle
The old slave went to inquire immediately
Your Majesty estimates that
Your groom is not in the house
Don't care
Where did he go?
Lamb he just got out of jail
Just went to the rouge shell
Rouge Court
Rouge Pavilion, one of the four brothels in Chang'an
I happen to have never been to such a place
Interested today
Come with me to see